
M-Editor For Eclipse Read Me File 

The user must recognize that the current version is NOT released software, 
this is a TEST version.  It has been used by a number of programmers, but it 
is not officially released.

There have been some reports of problems when trying to unzip the zip files 
with 7zip and it indicating that a part of the file is password protected.  
There is no password protection on the file.  In this case, find a copy of 
winzip to unzip the file in some location and, if necessary, copy the entire 
directory structure to the desired location.

The M-Editor functionality depends on three patches on the VistA server 
(XT*7.3*81 [Developer Utilities – M Unit],  XT*7.3*101 [Eclipse M-Editor], and 
XT*7.3*107 [Eclipse M-Debugger]), and four plug-ins to the Eclipse program 
(one of the four is a plug-in required by ours).

The current version of the M-Editor supports version control systems which 
have available plug-ins for Eclipse, and a field in the dialog for entry of 
the server address and port will take a Project Name which will be associated 
with an external project (i.e., not located in the Eclipse Workspace).  This 
should be entered ONLY IF version control will be used for the project.

After editing one or more M routines, the routines should be saved using 1)the 
save file icon a floppy disk for those who remember what they are/were), or 2) 
the File-Save menu item, or 3) the Ctrl-S keyboard short cut.  File saving is 
supported for only one file at a time (not Save All) as the currently existing 
routine name.  If a new name is necessary, load the file (create it) with the 
new name, copy and paste the contents of the routine and save it with the 
created name.

Two Separate zip files are included.  

One zip file contains an entire package of Eclipse version 3.2.2 with all of 
the necessary plug-ins for the M-Editor and Rational ClearCase.  This package 
only needs to be unzipped into a desired location and started by running 
Eclipse.exe from the Eclipse directory.   Eclipse version 3.2.2 is used since 
this version of Eclipse provides the most complete functionality of the 
version control system ClearCase for the version of Rational Tools currently 
used within the VA.  The M-Editor plug-ins will function with any currently 
released version of Eclipse.

The other zip file contains only the necessary plug-ins for the M-Editor ready 
to unzip into Eclipse directory (with the 'use folder names' box checked) of a 
pre-existing installation of Eclipse.  This will provide only the M-Editor 
functionality.

Both files will also place two utility executables (BreakMRousFromXTRMPRNT.exe 
which can be used to break a number of routines listed and captured using the 
routine XTRMRPRNT into the separate routines, and MUnit.exe which is a GUI 
executable for running M-Unit tests – and will show a green bar on success) 
into the Eclipse directory.

Documentation is currently provided in the form of a PowerPoint presentation 
covering the M-Editor, M-Unit testing, and briefly the M-Debugger functionality.  
A separate Word document provides information on functionality added more 
recently including support for version control (primarily focused on Rational 
ClearCase, but it works with any version control system with plug-ins for 
Eclipse), listing in a browser of unexpected differences in versions (e.g., 
between the last loaded version and that currently on the Server when a modified 
routine is going to be saved, or between the last version saved onto the server 
and the version currently existing on the server).  Additional documentation is 
provided describing the construction and use of M-Unit routines as well as the 
use of M-Logging functionality.

Remember THIS IS CURRENTLY TEST SOFTWARE.

While all of it is considered to be test software, it should be noted that the 
M-Debugger functionality is not yet considered to be stable.  The number of users 
testing the functionality has been limited and the reports, either good or bad, 
have been minimal.  If you use the M-debugger functionality, reports of problems 
would be greatly appreciated (with enough information to permit analyzing the 
problem so that it can be fixed).

